well here I bring you another video where
will show how to install the recovery
clockwork mode how to make copies of
up and restore installed in
this case we are going to install the network of 100
mod 10 with android and in living 4.1.1 os
I'll leave the links of x of a in the
description of the video and files
what we need to do this is
need to be root if I'm not root yet
I recommend that you watch the first video of
how to become root that left him also in
the description
download the files that
we need like the recovery clone wars
mod
5 026
the room and the glasses that are the
Google applications like for example
the play store that normally the student
has them installed as standard we copy to
been files on the phone sd and
We're already on the phone
once we have put the files in
the headquarters we organize the phone in mode
recovery and we give to apply that decade
we select the recovery clover moore
and now the recovery is installed
it is already installed recovery therefore
we will now make the system
we have already made the phone and we have
entered again in the recovery mode and
as we can see here the
version that we wanted the 5 026 that brings
options like backing up
to advanced option to clean the memory
cache quite more options than recovery
that our daughter series
then now the first thing we're going to
do before changing the room is to do
a backup of the ROM
we have and the data we release for
we go down here until backup
soon store
we select and select backup
therefore it will begin to become a
backup of the entire system
the backup has already been created
as when and backup complete and now if
We would like to restore that copy of
security we go back to the layer the rest
we select and instead of giving the cow
as before we give the rector
and here we see the different
security that we have sorted by
date and time and selection we would now
what did he do
Now let's clean up the report we will
erase everything that has one side of the
sd is not deleted
to be able to install the rumba
for this we go here you have to do these
two white wildlife astérix reset and the
white cache partition
we do the same the order we enter
we confirm it and I start to format it
the partition
already done and right now with the
following
we confirm
and it is done and now we proceed to
set the room in this case the images
very well
we do it in the same way that
what we did before paraphrasing the
other files
we confirmed the installation and it's already starting
to install the rom
Now we come back when I finish
install
I have already installed and reset the
phone to finish installing
let's go back we have ribot system
side to start the system the first
it will take longer than usual because
they continue to install
so you have to wait a while and
Now when you finish installing
we all come back with the room to move
a little
here we have the rumba
as we see it was removed
and it works pretty fluid
I have not had time to try it on
background or nothing seems to be going well
we are going to make the phone as
you see the version 4.1 points here
now what remains is to install the glasses
in the opposite action in the play this
because as you see here it does not seem like this
let's go to it we have to go in
new to the recovery but the rom
custom is usually not necessary
to let press the two buttons or nothing
we have only pressed the button
blocking
we give you a restart and they do not appear here
different options then we give
here to recovery to enter recovery and
already restarts directly to the recovery
we are here in the recovery and we are going to
be here
to install as we have already installed
all
and we beat them
gaps living jmi
to install it
we confirm it
they are installing
and it's already installed and we made
new the phone
to buy sanz
because they have enlisted
it's already finished
today we are going to verify that they have
installed
and the play store has also installed the
voice search
I do not remember anymore this application of
google and well that basically and already
we have prepared our rom for
to use it we will make another video by casting
a look at this theft and personalizing
how to remove the applications that do not
let's use for example in dialing
by voice or file manager because this is not
can install as an application
normal, and see you next video